Add sprint workflow guidelines (#38233)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

6. **Sprint retrospective**: Also held on the last day of the sprint, this meeting encourages discussions among the team and stakeholders around three key areas: what went well, what could have been better, and what the team learned during the sprint.

### Working through the sprint

> At sprint kickoff, each contributor selects one issue to work on. Other planned sprint work remains unassigned until a contributor is ready to pick it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At sprint kickoff, the EM or TL may assign planned issues to specific contributors. Other planned sprint work may remain unassigned until a contributor is ready to pick it up.
```

1. **Aim for one issue in progress at a time.** When possible, complete the current task before starting another. Leave issues unassigned until you begin work on them.

> 2. **Pick up unassigned sprint work as tasks complete.** When an issue moves to the next stage (e.g., ready for QA), select the next unassigned item from the sprint board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Pick up unassigned sprint work as tasks complete.** When an issue moves to the next stage (e.g., ready for QA), if you have no other planned issues assigned to you, select the next unassigned item from the sprint board.
```
